Hi and welcome to the extras section.
I wasn't sure what to call it so finally I just ended up calling get extras.
It's kind of generic and bland.
So what's in the section.
Well it's really a mixed bag of a lot of different things.
It's going to be things like tips and tricks you know as I find something that I think would be important
to highlight.
I'll throw it into here.
It's going to be things about pythonic code.
In other words idiomatic coding in Python.
Well you know would you rather code something this way or do it some other way and maybe there's a more
idiomatic way of doing it.
That's more pythonic.
So I'll point those out as necessary.
We've already done some of those in the course already.
It's going to be opinionated.
I'm going to give you my opinions and my opinions aren't my opinions and you're free to form your own
opinions but I am going to be opinionated in here.
So I will have some very strong opinions about certain you know coding styles and because that's what
I follow.
And you know you can obviously make up your own it's going to be also things that I find interesting.
Very often I run across something on the web or on Twitter.
You know regality Python but I think hey that's that's kind of cool that's interesting.
I'll throw all those in here as well and I will try and stay within the confines of what this particular
part of the course covers.
So I'll try and stick to you know functions and closures and things like that are not going to get into
things like metaprogramming and so on.
Those are for the subsequent sections of the calls.
So I'll stick to things that you should know by the time you've finished doing the scores and it will
grow over time.
As I keep finding things I'm just going to keep adding you know these kind of video Shulz to the to
this section.
Now this is not going to be a discussion on third party libraries.
You know it's not going to be hey you know let's take a look at library X Y Z.
It might if it's a library that really used a lot.
And that's simple enough to cover in a short video.
But I am not going to do a discussion for example on pandas so on none pie or on you know.
Well Type-I has a total right now as of today.
I looked it up this morning 128 you know hundred twenty nine thousand packages.
So that's a lot to cover.
Which means that everybody is going to be using slightly different packages so I don't want to make
this discussion on package X Y Z.
I really want to focus like this whole Coles has on actual the Python language and the Python standard
library because that's really where we need to start.
Right.
We need to understand how to use Python in the standard library.
And then of course when we don't have something in our disposal in the standard library or in Python
built ins then we start looking at third party libraries and then there's always a host of possible
you know libraries to do that do the same thing and then also your suggestions.
Send me your suggestions and I will make sure videos if it's you know if I can.
First of all and secondly if it you know if I feel that it's a placable to more than just you know yourself
or a few people so you get something that's general enough.
Then I will do it.
And obviously you know I'm not going to start doing extra videos here on async programming.
That comes later on in the course.
And so we'll do it there.
So we all but short questions show topics.
Please send me those suggestions and I'll be more than happy to make a video out of it.
All right so thanks for watching and I hope you enjoy the show.
Mixed bag in the section.
See you in a bit.